DOCS-3692: Note that we support recent Python versions (#4076)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/dev/reference/changelog.md

{{% changelog date="2022-11-15" color="added" title="Python 3.8 support" %}}

> The Python SDK now supports Python 3.8 and newer.

Author: ```suggestion
The Python SDK now supports Python 3.8 and newer.
We suggest using Python 3.10 or newer.
```

> The Python SDK now supports Python 3.8, in addition to 3.9 and 3.10.
> 
> {{% hiddencontent %}}
> We now support Python 3.11 and later as well.
> {{% /hiddencontent %}}
> 

Reviewer: I would assume this is true
```suggestion
The Python SDK now supports Python 3.8 and newer.
```

Reviewer 2: Yup, this is true. Technically it's 3.8.1. Although 3.8 did reach end of life last year, and we will likely be removing support for it sometime this year.
